1. Provide a high-level description (ie, using minimal amount of technical jargon) of each problem
in no more than 100 words.

Problem 1 (Name and Age):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables name and age using argv function.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of 'name is age years old' using writeln function.

Problem 2 (Greet Three):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables name1, name2 and name3 using argv function.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of 'Hi name3, name2, and name1.' using writeln function.

Problem 3 (Day of the Week):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables m, d and y using argv function.
    Using formulas provided new variables y0, x0, m0 and dow are assigned value.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of variable 'dow' using writeln function.

Problem 4 (Three Sort):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables x, y and z using argv function.
    using min function new variable mn is assigned value of minimum value of x, y and z.
    using max function new variable mx is assigned value of maximum value of x, y and z.
    using formula new variable 'a' is assigned value.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output 'mn a mx' using writeln function.

Problem 5 (Body Mass Index):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables w and h using argv function.
    Using formula provided new variable bmi is assigned a value.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of variable 'bmi' using writeln function.

Problem 6 (Wind Chill):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables t and v using argv function.
    Using formula provided new variable w is assigned value.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of variable 'w' using writeln function.

Problem 7 (Gravitational Force):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables m1, m2 and r using argv function.
    Variable G is created and assigned value of gravitational constant.
    using formula provided new variable f is assigned value.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of variable 'f' using writeln function.

Problem 8 (Gambler's Ruin):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables n1, n2 and p using argv function.
    using formula provided new variables q, p1 and p2 are assigned value.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of 'p1 p2' using writeln function.

Problem 9 (Waiting Time):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables lam and t using argv function.
    math library is imported to provide exp function to assign new value to new variable p.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of variable p using writeln function.

Problem 10 (Cartesian Coordinates):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables r and theta using argv function.
    math library is imported to provide pi, cos and sin functions to assign value to new variables v, x and y.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of 'x y' using writeln function.

Problem 11 (Great Circle Distance):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables x1, x2, y1 and y2 using argv function.
    math library is imported to provide radians functions to assign value to new variables x1_rad, x2_rad, y1_rad and y2_rad.
    using formula provided and using scos, sin and cos function new variable d is assigned value.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of variable d using writeln function.

Problem 12 (Snell's Law):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables theta1, n1 and n2 using argv function.
    math library is imported to provide radians, degree, asin and sin functions to assign value to new variable theta1_rad and theta2 using formula provided.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of variable theta2 using writeln function.

Problem 13 (Uniform Random Numbers):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables a and b using argv function.
    stdrandom library is imported to provide uniformFloat function to assign random Float value to new variables x1, x2 and x3.
    using formula provided new variables mean, var and std_dev are assigned value.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of 'mean var std_dev' using writeln function.

Problem 14 (Die Roll):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables n using argv function.
    stdrandom library is imported to provide uniformInt function to assign random integer value to new variables die_roll1 and die_roll2.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of 'die_roll1 + die_roll2' using writeln function.

Problem 15 (Triangle Inequality):
    sys library is imported to take command line argument for variables x, y and z using argv function.
    new variable exp is assigned value "True" or "False" by using boolean 'and'.
    stdio library is imported to print standard output of variable exp using writeln function.

2. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, course staff, other), and
the nature of help received.

Name                   Status           Help Received
----                   ------           -------------

...                    ...              ...

3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from
doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.

...
